Charts: describe custom styles options (#4725)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/viz/registerPattern(options).md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Registers a new pattern.

##### return: String

> The fill id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill ID.
```

##### param(options): Object

> The pattern settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pattern settings.
```

##### field(options.height): Number | String

> The pattern height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pattern height.
```

##### field(options.template): function()

> The SVG-based pattern template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SVG-based pattern template.
```

##### field(options.width): Number | String

> The pattern width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pattern width.
```

---

> Implement this method to register a pattern id. Then, use the id in the component color.[fillId](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/charts/ChartsColor/#fillId) field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call this method to register a pattern ID. Assign the ID to a component's color.[fillId](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common_Types/charts/ChartsColor/#fillId) field.
```

                    path.setAttribute('d', `M 2.5 -2.5 L -2.5 2.5 M 0 5 L 5 0 M 7.5 2.5 L 2.5 7.5`);
                    container.appendChild(path);
                },
            })
        };
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    import Chart, { CommonSeriesSettings } from 'devextreme-react/chart';
    import { registerPattern } from 'devextreme/common/charts';

    const seriesColor = {
        base: "#f5564a",
        fillId: registerPattern({
            width: 5,
            height: 5,
            template: (container) => {
                const path = document.createElementNS('http://www.w3.org/2000/svg', 'path');
                path.setAttribute('stroke', '#97c95c');
                path.setAttribute('stroke-width', 1.5);
                path.setAttribute('d', `M 2.5 -2.5 L -2.5 2.5 M 0 5 L 5 0 M 7.5 2.5 L 2.5 7.5`);
                container.appendChild(path);
            },
        })
    };

    export default function App() {
        return (
            <Chart ... >
                <CommonSeriesSettings 
                    color={seriesColor}
                />
            </Chart>
        );
    }

---

> [note] If you specify width and height of a pattern in percents, the exported component may look different. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note] If you specify width and height of a pattern in percent, the exported component may look different. 
```
